BLACKMESA TRAINING SIMULATION - RESONANCE CASCADE
Version: V1.05
-----------------------------------
You have been selected to take part in this months training simulation, this experience will prepare for you the possibility of a resonance cascade scenario! please report to Sector H - a briefing is waiting for all personnel attending the simulation. The administrator and the Sector C personnel are pushing for this simulation, so it is a mandatory event.

report back to your workplace tomorrow at 08:00 and report to your area manager.
-----------------------------------

Description:
This map requires a lot of time to understand and navigate, you will be randomly placed around the map and be made to survive the resonance cascade, the first map currently features various areas which include:
- Area 1 Dormitories
- Area 2 Warehousing
- Aera 3 Maintenance Level 2
- Area 4 Security facilities
- Area 5 Administration

Each location has a map to navigate, You will need to understand the item_inventory system to play this map. You will also require autoclimb which will be disabled on a lot of servers.

Important:
All items are randomly generated around the map and go into the inventory with the exception of ammo and armor items.
Player HP is 50hp for a reason, it's to represent not having a HEV suit and the dangers of the resonance cascade
The map is MASSIVE - but you can walk from 1 end to the other - but it's not that simple
Players are advised to try co-op as much as possible and share resources, you will be rewarded by using teamwork
Map events are random, so if a scientist is present 1 round and not the next - it's normal
Each Difficulty has its own perks.. Storymode is recommended for the first playthrough
Use the custom flashlights and flares - it will give a sense of fear when navigating the map.

Map Features
Randomly placed Weapons, Ammo, items and Monsters
Random start locations
Heavy Item Inventory system
Custom Torch and Flares

Inventory system tutorial for the map
------------------------------------
Everything you come across will need to be interacted with to pick up, weapons will go into your inventory and so will health kits. you can then activate these items and it will then be given to you, this Is to allow players to carry multiple weapons for other players, you can however activate the multiple weapons and it will give you the ammo, but you need to make sure to give a short interval or the weapon will delete.

KNOWN BUGS
----------
Some locations can have NPCS fire through them, screenshot and report them to me - as you can imagine the map is massive. Not All bugs will have been reported - the inventory glitch has been fixed

Sometimes players will throw their starting key cards down on teleporting to the buffer zone - unknown on how to fix this
